---
title: "Huzzah Fall 2023"
date: 2023-08-20T16:29:30-04:00
draft: false
---

Set your dials for a new X-Wing League at Huzzah Hobbies! The league runs six weeks, from September 4 to October 15.

The goal of this league is to reinvigorate the X-Wing Community at Huzzah. It will be casual, with most points awarded for in-store participation. However, all games should be played with the latest (2.5) rules.

There will be participation prizes, including official alt-art cards and acrylic range rulers. There may be some custom acrylic tokens, as well!

## How to participate
1. [Register](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/14xS_YZKbWb92KqSRSYMhWgSRTLlh5DIEZy5YUooFMV8/edit?pli=1) by September 3.
1. [Join the Huzzah Discord X-Wing Channel](https://discord.com/channels/651943624098971648/679817695876874283) to find a game with other players.
1. [Report](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y82ZMEVrU_Ch9yBoSv48OaOo3LMbnb_Zdz5qrndzoxs/edit) your game results.
1. Check back here for results! The leaderboard will be updated every Sunday evening.

## How to Earn Points
- 2 point per game played at Huzzah Hobbies.
- 1 point per game played at home or online. Maximum of 4 points per week.
- 1 point per game won. Maximum of 4 points per week.
- 1 point per unique faction played.
- 1 point per unique faction played *against*.
- 1 point per unique scenario or format, using the 2.5 rules.
- 1 point per unique opponent. Maximum of 4 points per week.
- 2 points for inviting a friend to play a game.
- 5 points for buying an X-Wing product at Huzzah Hobbies. Maximum of 5 points per week.

The points can really stack up; your first in-store game gets you at least 6 points!

This league is for fun, and to get more people interested in the game. Please be honest in reporting your points.

## FAQ
- **I don't have any X-Wing stuff, can I still join the league?** Yes! Many of the veteran players will be happy to lend you all the components you need to play a game. Best to build a list before hand so people know what to bring.
- **Do I have to play my in-store games on Wednesday nights?** No! You can play any time that works for you and your opponent. Use the Huzzah Discord X-Wing Channel to find an opponent and a time that works for you.
- **What's with the weekly maximums?** New players and players with busy schedules should fele like they have a chance of winning.
- **Will there be a tournament?** Maybe! We will try to do a day of alternate formats, and maybe a day of regular formats.
- **Does it cost anything?** No. This league is free, to encourage people to play.
- **Why the emphasis on in-store activity?** We are trying to bootstrap a virtuous cycle. If we can get regular crowds into the store, then we all have more fun. The more fun we have, the more people play. The more people that play (and buy product) at Huzzah, they more support we get from the store.

## Standings
Nothing yet!
